Fast Pair firmware update intents (#20581)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag` sample:

  * Added:

    * Support for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target.
    * Support for the firmware update intents on the Android platform.

>       Integrated the new connection authentication callback from the FMDN module and the Device Information Service (DIS) to support firmware version read operation over the Firmware Revision characteristic.

Reviewer: btw. Could you also check if the intent wouldn't work out-of-the box for `input_device` sample (IIRC we support DIS there by default)?

Author: I can do it in the tracking ticket during my follow-up work (tests with Android)

>       Further details on the Android intent feature for firmware updates can be found in the `Fast Pair FMDN firmware updates`_ documentation section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      For further details on the Android intent feature for firmware updates, see the `Fast Pair FMDN firmware updates`_ section.
```

>       Further details on the Android intent feature for firmware updates can be found in the `Fast Pair FMDN firmware updates`_ documentation section.

Author: Regarding the steps, I plan to add them in the future PR. (as discussed offline)

>       For further details on the Android intent feature for firmware updates, see the  :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair_provisioning_register_firmware_update_intent` section of the Fast Pair integration guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      For further details on the Android intent feature for firmware updates, see the :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair_provisioning_register_firmware_update_intent` section of the Fast Pair integration guide.
```

* :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` library:

  * Added:

    * A restriction on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_TX_POWER` Kconfig option in the Find My Device Network (FMDN) extension configuration.

>       This Kconfig option must now be set to 0 at minimum as the Fast Pair specification now requires that the conducted Bluetooth transmit power for FMDN advertisements must not be lower than 0 dBm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      You must set this Kconfig option now to 0 at minimum as the Fast Pair specification requires that the conducted Bluetooth transmit power for FMDN advertisements must not be lower than 0 dBm.
```

>       This Kconfig option must now be set to 0 at minimum as the Fast Pair specification now requires that the conducted Bluetooth transmit power for FMDN advertisements must not be lower than 0 dBm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This Kconfig option must now be set to ``0`` at minimum as the Fast Pair specification requires that the conducted Bluetooth transmit power for FMDN advertisements must not be lower than 0 dBm.
```

    * A new information callback - :c:member:`bt_fast_pair_fmdn_info_cb.conn_authenticated` - to the FMDN extension API.
      In the FMDN context, this change is required to support firmware update intents on the Android platform.

>       Further details on the Android intent feature for firmware updates can be found in the `Fast Pair FMDN firmware updates`_ documentation section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      For further details on the Android intent feature for firmware updates, see the `Fast Pair FMDN firmware updates`_ section.
```

Google Fast Pair integration
----------------------------

* Added:

  * Instructions on how to provision the Fast Pair data onto devices without the :ref:`partition_manager` support, specifically for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20`.
  * Information on how to support the firmware update intent feature on the Android platform.

>     Expanded the documentation for the Fast Pair devices with the FMDN extension, which require additional steps to support this feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Expanded the documentation for the Fast Pair devices with the FMDN extension, which requires additional steps to support this feature.
```
